data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/catalog.xml      far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/configsys.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/msdossys.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/ini.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/reg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/bootini.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/vrml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/makefile.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/tex.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/m4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/javaprop.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/dcl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/lemon.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/dfm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/javacc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/squirrel.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/config.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/batch.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/javapolicy.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/sh.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/graphviz.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/linkdef.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/iss.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/rarscrpt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/cmake/cmake.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/cmake/cmake.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/cmake/cmake-auto.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/solution.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/sh-keywords.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/rtf.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/msg/fidomsg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/msg/email.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/msg/farmsg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/msg/pms.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/shell-posix.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/macrolib.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/macro.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/farhelp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/macroliblua.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/farmenu.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/farlng.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/tgs.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/gen/calcset.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/gen/esc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/farmailscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/truemac.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/mkb.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/r.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/awk.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/acapella/acapellaLink.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/acapella/acapella.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/pnuts.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/powershell.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/ant.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/wsc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/wsf.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/qrc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/sh-brackets.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/asn1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/shell-bash.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/rul.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/apache.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/yacc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/resrc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/scons.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/avisynth.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/lex.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/nsi.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/qmake.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/hrc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/colorer5catalog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/ent.hrc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/hrd.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/xsd2hrc.custom.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/bkt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.qrm.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.j2ee.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/css.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/smarty.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/jscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/less.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/coldfusion.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/asp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/twig.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/haml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/shpaml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/actionscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/html.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/graphql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/php-script.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/vbscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/php.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/asp.js.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/html-entity-lat1.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/htc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/xbl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/svg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/html-entity-special.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/html-entity.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/xhtml-strict.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/html-entity-symbol.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/xhtml-frameset.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/rss.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/xhtml-trans.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/php-gen.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/wml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/ss.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/jsp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gsp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/asp.vb.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/adp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/svg-css.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/sass.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/erb.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/asp.ps.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/mxml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/html-css.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath-re.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/dtdcatalog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/dtd.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath-functions.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xmlcatalog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/docbook.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xmlns.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xinclude.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xmlschema.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xslfo.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xslt2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/mathml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/rdfs.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xmlschema-instance.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/schematron.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xlink.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/wsdl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/relaxng.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/wsdl-soap.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/rdf.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xslt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath.internal.hack.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xml.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xquery.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath-xml.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.gen.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/cpp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/tcltk.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/java.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/rust.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/d1-tango.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/fortran.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-heredoc.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/idl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/fsharp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/ruby.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/d1-phobos.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/haxe.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-keyword-pack.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/scala.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-vars.pkg.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/go.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-keywords.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/groovy.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/js.net.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/python.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/kotlin-runtime.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/vb.net.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-vars.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/cpp-qt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/lua.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/pascal.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/csharp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/asm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/kotlin.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/nix.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/ruby.kw-class.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/c.hrc   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/c-win32.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/d.hrc   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/d2-phobos.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/gen/perl-brackets.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-vars.pkg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/vbasic.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/kotlin-jdk.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/ruby.kw.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/c-unix.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/forth.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/clipper.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/mysql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/sql.hrc   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/paradox.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/sqlj.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/foxpro.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/clarion.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/proto.hrc    far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts.far.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/flex.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/adm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/micqlog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/rsmac.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/edif.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/pvwave.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/spt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/sdml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/kixtart.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/aditor.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/irclog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/scn.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/ppwizard.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/csql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/mancolor.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/urq.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/litestep.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/vismod.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/lss.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/eum.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/gpss.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/cobolsql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/rib.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/vim.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/mel.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/sl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/cppsql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/cup.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/cache.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/llvm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/avr-5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/diet.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/json.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/asm80.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/yaml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/erlang.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/lisp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/eiffel.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/stata.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/dssp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/1c.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/a51-5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/mason.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/asasm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/qrm/atl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/qrm/rpt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/qrm/dii.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/abap4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ocaml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ada.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/picasm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/tprolog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/haskell.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/adsp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/icon.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/baf.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/dialog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/tp2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/tp2h.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/tra.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/sml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/vhdl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/ejb-jar_2_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/j2ee_jaxrpc_mapping_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/ejb-jar_2_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_2_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/j2ee_web_services_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_2_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-app_2_3.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application_1_4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-app_2_5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application-client_5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/j2ee_web_services_1_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/javaee_web_services_metadata_handler_2_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-app_2_4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-facesconfig_1_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application_5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/connector_1_5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application-client_1_4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-facesconfig_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application_1_3.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application_1_2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-facesconfig_1_2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/javaee_web_services_1_2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/ejb-jar_3_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_1_2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/ejb-jar_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/connector_1_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/matlab.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/parser-ex.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/xsieve.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/xsieve.xsd-pack.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/parser-brackets.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/ibatis2-sql-map.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/ibatis2-sql-map-config.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/yml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/ibatis2-sql-map-pack.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/log4j.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/parser.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/baan.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/olextend.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ubasic.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/mako.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/cobol.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/jcl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/verilog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/modula.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/autoit.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/cobolfr.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/rexx.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ahdl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/postscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/nesc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/z80.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/sprolog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/pl1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/srt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/ddoc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/markdown.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/cue.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/diff.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/mediawiki.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/text.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/filesbbs.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/assa.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts.colorer.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.ie-weidu.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.scripts.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts.msg.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/php-prot.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/auto/empty.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts.ini.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/message.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/uri.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/default.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/far.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/far-macro-string.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/regexp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/ole.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/doxygen.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/uri.lang.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/black.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/grayscale.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/mirror.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/eclipse.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/navy.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/white.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/contrib/navy-mirror.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/contrib/visual-rgb.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/contrib/fmx.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/contrib/bred3.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/hs.css   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/mirice.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/neo.css  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/blue.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/dnlike.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/hack.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/xmastree.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/white.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/emu/mirror.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/blue.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/mirror.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/gray.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/gray_pult.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/take4.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/classic.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/ocean.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/black_sezal.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/cyberpunk.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/black_ay.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/visual.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/black.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/nc.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/default.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/catalog-text.xml far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/catalog-rgb.xml far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/navy.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/mirice.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/white.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/eclipse.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/grayscale.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/hs.hrd   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/blue.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/mirror.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/contrib/fmx.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/contrib/navy-mirror.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/contrib/visual-rgb.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/contrib/bred3.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/black.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/default.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/neo.hrd  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/text/tags.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/text/htmlcss.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/catalog-console.xml far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/CHANGELOG.md     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/hrcsettings.xml  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorerr.lng     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorerr.hlf     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorerb.lng     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorere.lng     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorere.hlf     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorer.far-plug-wide far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/helpe.hlf       far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/bel.lng         far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/eng.lng         far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/rus.lng         far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/SHELL/remote.sh far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/SHELL/ways.ini  far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-SFTP.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-FILE.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks.far-plug-wide far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-NFS.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-FTP.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-SMB.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-WebDAV.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-SHELL.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/far2l_ttyx.broker                       far2l-ttyxi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/far2l/LICENSE                           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/view.sh                               far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarHun.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/config.ini        far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/bel.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/eng.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/rus.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawBel.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawEng.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawRus.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawEng.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawRus.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calcr.hlf           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/user-examples.csr   far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/readme.txt          far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calcr.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calce.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/csr.dtd             far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calcset.csr         far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/date.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/speed.csr     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/temperature.csr far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/volume.csr    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/time.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/angle.csr     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/info.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/force.csr     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/area.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/mass.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/pressure.csr  far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/length.csr    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calce.hlf           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/file_id.diz         far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calcb.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editorcomp/plug/editorcomp_be.lng far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editorcomp/plug/editorcomp_en.lng far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editorcomp/plug/editorcomp_ru.lng far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpRus.hlf      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpBel.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpEng.hlf      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpEng.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpRus.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseEng.lng    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseRus.hlf    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseBel.lng    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseEng.hlf    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseRus.lng    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/align/plug/AlignBel.lng       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/align/plug/AlignEng.lng       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/align/plug/AlignRus.lng       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arceng.hlf      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arceng.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arcrus.hlf      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arcrus.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arcbel.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/custom.ini.man.txt far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/custom.ini      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CmpRus.hlf       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CompBel.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CompRus.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CmpEng.hlf       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CompEng.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/autowrap/plug/WrapEng.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/autowrap/plug/WrapRus.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/autowrap/plug/WrapBel.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/isrceng.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/incsrche.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/incsrchr.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/isrcrus.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseBel.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseRus.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseEng.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseRus.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseEng.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/open.sh                               far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarPol.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarBel.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/xlats.ini                             far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarHun.hlf                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarGer.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarEng.hlf                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarUkr.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarRus.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarSpa.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarUkr.hlf                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarCze.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/trash.sh                              far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarEng.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/notify.sh                             far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/unmount.sh                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarRus.hlf                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/ps.sh                                 far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/closewait.sh                          far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/far2l.1.gz                         far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/far2l                                         far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/far2ledit                                     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/inside.far-plug-mb  far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/drawline.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calc.far-plug-wide    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/editorcomp/plug/editorcomp.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/tmppanel.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/editcase.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/align/plug/align.far-plug-wide  far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/multiarc.far-plug-mb far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/compare.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/autowrap/plug/autowrap.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/SimpleIndent/plug/SimpleIndent.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/incsrch.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/filecase.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/far2l_askpass                           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/far2l_sudoapp                           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libxerces-c/LICENSE                     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/DefaultPanicHandler.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/BaseRefVectorOf.c            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RuntimeException.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLInitializer.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefArrayVectorOf.c           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLUTF8Transcoder.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Transcoders/IconvGNU/IconvGNUTransService.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Janitor.c                    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLDouble.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLUTF16Transcoder.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/BinMemInputStream.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/UnsupportedEncodingException.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefHash2KeysTableOf.c        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/TranscodingException.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/BinInputStream.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/PanicHandler.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/EncodingValidator.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Hashers.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/CountedPointer.c             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLFloat.hpp                 libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMemory.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLException.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/UnexpectedEOFException.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLUri.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLUni.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLEntityResolver.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefHash3KeysIdPool.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/BaseRefVectorOf.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/KeyValuePair.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/FileManagers/PosixFileMgr.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/PlatformUtils.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/KeyRefPair.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/HexBin.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/NetAccessors/Socket/SocketNetAccessor.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/NetAccessors/Socket/UnixHTTPURLInputStream.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/NetAccessors/BinHTTPInputStreamCommon.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ValueStackOf.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/TransService.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/FlagJanitor.c                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/IOException.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefArrayOf.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefStackOf.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLIBM1140Transcoder.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLWin1252Transcoder.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/IllegalArgumentException.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/SynchronizedStringPool.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Xerces_autoconf_config.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XercesDefs.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLEBCDICTranscoder.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/MsgLoaders/InMemory/InMemMsgLoader.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/MsgLoaders/InMemory/XercesMessages_en_US.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/NoSuchElementException.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLResourceIdentifier.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/TransENameMap.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/MutexManagers/StdMutexMgr.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefHash2KeysTableOf.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/BinFileInputStream.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Hash2KeysSetOf.c             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLUniDefs.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLChar.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ValueArrayOf.c               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLUCS4Transcoder.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/NameIdPool.c                 libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLNetAccessor.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ValueHashTableOf.c           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/EmptyStackException.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/FlagJanitor.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/KVStringPair.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/NumberFormatException.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLMsgLoader.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/BitSet.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLAbstractDoubleFloat.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLEnumerator.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/RegxUtil.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/CharToken.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/Op.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/StringToken.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/UnionToken.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/BlockRangeFactory.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/XMLUniCharacter.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/RangeFactory.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/RangeTokenMap.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/UnicodeRangeFactory.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/TokenFactory.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/ASCIIRangeFactory.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/ParenToken.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/Token.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/RangeToken.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/RegxDefs.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/OpFactory.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/ParserForXMLSchema.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/XMLRangeFactory.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/BMPattern.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/ClosureToken.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/ConcatToken.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/RegularExpression.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/UniCharTable.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/TokenInc.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/RegxParser.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/regx/Match.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLBigDecimal.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/QName.hpp                    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ValueHashTableOf.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/OutOfMemoryException.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLFileMgr.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/InvalidCastException.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLStringTokenizer.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ValueStackOf.c               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefHash3KeysIdPool.c         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLChTranscoder.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/TransENameMap.c              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLMutexMgr.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ValueArrayOf.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLString.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefArrayVectorOf.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/CountedPointer.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLASCIITranscoder.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/LogicalPath.c                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefStackOf.c                 libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/NameIdPool.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/PSVIUni.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XML256TableTranscoder.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLIBM1047Transcoder.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefArrayOf.c                 libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/KeyValuePair.c               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLDateTime.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Janitor.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/SchemaDateTimeException.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XercesVersion.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/SecurityManager.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Hash2KeysSetOf.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefHashTableOf.c             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ParseException.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/NullPointerException.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLInteger.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLURL.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/UTFDataFormatException.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefHashTableOf.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/StringPool.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefVectorOf.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XML88591Transcoder.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/KeyRefPair.c                 libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLBigInteger.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ValueVectorOf.c              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/RefVectorOf.c                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/BitOps.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Base64.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLDOMMsg.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/Mutexes.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/ValueVectorOf.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLExceptMsgs.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/util/XMLNumber.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/Parser.hpp                    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/DTDHandler.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/SAXParseException.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/DocumentHandler.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/EntityResolver.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/Locator.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/ErrorHandler.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/HandlerBase.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/SAXException.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/InputSource.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax/AttributeList.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/AbstractStringValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DoubleDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DurationDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/UnionDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/StringDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/QNameDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/InvalidDatatypeValueException.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DateDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/AnySimpleTypeDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/NCNameDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/Base64BinaryDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/IDDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/XMLCanRepGroup.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/ListDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/FloatDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DayDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/NOTATIONDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/InvalidDatatypeFacetException.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/AbstractNumericFacetValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/AnyURIDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/YearMonthDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DecimalDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/MonthDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/IDREFDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/HexBinaryDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/MonthDayDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DatatypeValidatorFactory.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/NameDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/ENTITYDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DateTimeDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/YearDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/BooleanDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/AbstractNumericValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/TimeDatatypeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/datatype/DateTimeValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/CMStateSet.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/ContentLeafNameTypeVector.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/CMLeaf.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/CMBinaryOp.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/MixedContentModel.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/DFAContentModel.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/AllContentModel.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/ContentSpecNode.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/GrammarResolver.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/CMNode.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/SimpleContentModel.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/CMUnaryOp.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/Grammar.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/CMRepeatingLeaf.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/common/CMAny.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/DTDAttDef.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/DTDElementDecl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/DTDGrammar.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/DTDEntityDecl.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/DTDValidator.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/DTDScanner.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/DTDAttDefList.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/DocTypeHandler.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/DTD/XMLDTDDescriptionImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/XercesAttGroupInfo.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/SchemaElementDecl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/XMLSchemaDescriptionImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/XSDLocator.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/SubstitutionGroupComparator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/XSDErrorReporter.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/SchemaValidator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/XSDDOMParser.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/XUtil.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/PSVIDefs.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/SchemaAttDefList.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/SchemaGrammar.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/SchemaAttDef.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/SchemaSymbols.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/XercesElementWildcard.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/XercesGroupInfo.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/GeneralAttributeCheck.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/NamespaceScope.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/TraverseSchema.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/SchemaInfo.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/FieldValueMap.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/ValueStoreCache.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/XPathException.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/IdentityConstraint.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/ValueStore.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/XercesXPath.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/XPathSymbols.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/XPathMatcherStack.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/FieldActivator.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/IC_Unique.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/XPathMatcher.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/IdentityConstraintHandler.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/IC_Key.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/IC_KeyRef.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/IC_Selector.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/identity/IC_Field.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/validators/schema/ComplexTypeInfo.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMText.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMComment.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMUserDataHandler.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMAttr.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMNodeFilter.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMXPathExpression.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMNodeList.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMImplementationLS.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMDocumentFragment.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMNodeIterator.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMTreeWalkerImpl.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNodeIteratorImpl.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMAttrMapImpl.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMStringListImpl.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMChildNode.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMTextImpl.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMCDATASectionImpl.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMDeepNodeListPool.c    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMCasts.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMErrorImpl.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMLocatorImpl.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMCharacterDataImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMCommentImpl.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMDeepNodeListPool.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMRangeImpl.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNamedNodeMapImpl.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNodeListImpl.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNormalizer.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMDocumentImpl.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMLSInputImpl.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMLSSerializerImpl.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMImplementationImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMDeepNodeListImpl.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMLSOutputImpl.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNodeBase.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNodeVector.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMConfigurationImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNodeIDMap.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMTypeInfoImpl.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMElementImpl.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMElementNSImpl.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMImplementationListImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMDocumentTypeImpl.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMProcessingInstructionImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMAttrNSImpl.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMXPathNSResolverImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNotationImpl.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMXPathResultImpl.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMAttrImpl.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/XSDElementNSImpl.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMEntityReferenceImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMParentNode.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMStringPool.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMXPathExpressionImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMDocumentFragmentImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMEntityImpl.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/impl/DOMNodeImpl.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLSSerializer.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMImplementation.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMError.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMNamedNodeMap.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLSInput.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMXPathNamespace.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLSSerializerFilter.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMConfiguration.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLSParser.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOM.hpp                       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLSOutput.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMRange.hpp                  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/StDOMNode.hpp                 libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMErrorHandler.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMEntityReference.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLSParserFilter.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMTreeWalker.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMException.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMNotation.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMImplementationList.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMEntity.hpp                 libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMNode.hpp                   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMCharacterData.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMXPathException.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMDocumentType.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLocator.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLSException.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMImplementationSource.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMTypeInfo.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMElement.hpp                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMXPathNSResolver.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMDocumentTraversal.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMDocument.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMStringList.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMLSResourceResolver.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMImplementationRegistry.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMProcessingInstruction.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMDocumentRange.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMXPathEvaluator.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMMemoryManager.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMRangeException.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMXPathResult.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMCDATASection.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/dom/DOMPSVITypeInfo.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XSerializationException.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/WFXMLScanner.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XSObjectFactory.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/EndOfEntityException.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XMLScanner.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/IANAEncodings.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/VecAttributesImpl.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/BinMemOutputStream.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/ValidationContextImpl.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XSAXMLScanner.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XSerializable.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/BinFileOutputStream.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/MemoryManagerImpl.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XTemplateSerializer.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/CharTypeTables.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XMLReader.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/ReaderMgr.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/VecAttrListImpl.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/SGXMLScanner.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/IGXMLScanner.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XMLScannerResolver.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XProtoType.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/ElemStack.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XSerializeEngine.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/DGXMLScanner.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/internal/XMLInternalErrorHandler.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/parsers/AbstractDOMParser.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/parsers/DOMLSParserImpl.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/parsers/SAXParser.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/parsers/XercesDOMParser.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/parsers/SAX2XMLFilterImpl.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/parsers/SAX2XMLReaderImpl.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/xinclude/XIncludeLocation.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/xinclude/XIncludeUtils.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/xinclude/XIncludeDOMDocumentProcessor.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLGrammarDescription.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLValidityCodes.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLRefInfo.hpp          libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLErrorCodes.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/MemBufInputSource.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLFormatter.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/LocalFileInputSource.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/StdInInputSource.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLGrammarPoolImpl.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLDocumentHandler.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLEntityHandler.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLEntityDecl.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSWildcard.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/PSVIElement.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSNamedMap.c       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSParticle.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSConstants.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSNotationDeclaration.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSModel.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSComplexTypeDefinition.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/PSVIAttribute.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/PSVIAttributeList.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSFacet.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSAttributeUse.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSElementDeclaration.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSTypeDefinition.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSObject.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSNamespaceItem.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSSimpleTypeDefinition.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/PSVIItem.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSNamedMap.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSValue.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSModelGroupDefinition.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSAnnotation.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSIDCDefinition.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSMultiValueFacet.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/PSVIHandler.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSModelGroup.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSAttributeDeclaration.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/psvi/XSAttributeGroupDefinition.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/StdOutFormatTarget.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/MemoryManager.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/Wrapper4InputSource.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLContentModel.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/BinOutputStream.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLErrorReporter.hpp    libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/MemBufFormatTarget.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLRecognizer.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLAttr.hpp             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLAttDefList.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLGrammarPool.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/Wrapper4DOMLSInput.hpp  libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLSchemaDescription.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLAttDef.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLPScanToken.hpp       libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLBufferMgr.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLBuffer.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/ValidationContext.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/LocalFileFormatTarget.hpp libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLElementDecl.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLDTDDescription.hpp   libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLNotationDecl.hpp     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/XMLValidator.hpp        libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/framework/URLInputSource.hpp      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax2/SAX2XMLFilter.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax2/DeclHandler.hpp              libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax2/LexicalHandler.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax2/SAX2XMLReader.hpp            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax2/ContentHandler.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax2/Attributes.hpp               libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax2/XMLReaderFactory.hpp         libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xercesc/sax2/DefaultHandler.hpp           libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libxerces-c-3.2.so                            libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/XercesC/XercesCConfigInternal.cmake     libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/XercesC/XercesCConfigVersion.cmake      libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/XercesC/XercesCConfig.cmake             libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/XercesC/XercesCConfigInternal-release.cmake libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libxerces-c.so                                libxerces-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xerces-c.pc                         libxerces-c
